[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/core/build-errors-in-the-task-list.md

>  When you construct a message, you specify all the message variables. Then you make assignments to the message or its parts. If part of a specific message assignment is included in a separate **Construct Message** shape, you may receive the initialization error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you construct a message, you specify all the message variables. Then, you make assignments to the message or its parts. If part of a specific message assignment is included in a separate **Construct Message** shape, you might receive the initialization error message.
```

### Resolution

>  To resolve this behavior, make sure that you include all parts of a specific message assignment in the same **Construct Message** shape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this behavior, make sure that you include all parts of a specific message assignment in the same **Construct Message** shape.
```

>  You can also resolve this behavior by creating your message in a **Construct** shape before using an instance of it in an **Expression** shape. For example, the following code will cause an error if placed in an **Expression** shape:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also resolve this behavior by creating your message in a **Construct** shape before using an instance of it in an **Expression** shape. For example, the following code causes an error if placed in an **Expression** shape:
```

### Resolution

>  To resolve this issue, add a **Construct Message** shape to the orchestration. Include the **Construct Message** shape before the **Send** shape that is bound to the Web service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this issue, add a **Construct Message** shape to the orchestration. Include the **Construct Message** shape before the **Send** shape that is bound to the Web service.
```

>  This error can occur if the orchestration contains any objects that use C# keywords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error can occur if the orchestration contains any objects that use C# keywords.
```

### Resolution

>  Remove any C# keywords from the orchestration. For a list of C# keywords, see [here](/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove any C# keywords from the orchestration. For more information, see the [C# keyword list](/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/).
```
